Narrator: Earth.
Fire.
Air.
Water.
Only the Avatar
can master all four elements
and bring balance to the world.
[dramatic music]
- Announcer: Six months ago.
Avatar Korra defeated
Amon and the Equalists.
Since then.
the Council was disbanded
and the United Republic
elected its first president.
Tenzin's brother.
Commander Bumi.
retired and moved
to Air Temple Island
and Korra and her boyfriend. Mako.
have been the talk of the town.
Peace has come to Republic City.
but unbeknownst to the Avatar.
danger now threatens
the Southern Water Tribe.
[horn blares]
- This your first watch?
- Mm-hmm.
- Well then. you'd better keep
your eyes peeled. laddie.
You never know what creatures
lurk in the murky depths.
-[gasps]
[thunder rumbling]
- [chuckling]
- Uh. sir.
- What?
Aah!
- Man overboard!
Man overboard!
[bell dings]
- It's Pro bending night
in Republic City.
and have we got a doozy for you.
Fan favorites.
the Fire Ferrets.
are about to take on
hot newcomers.
the Rhino-Lions.
- Now we all know that
our last match was garbage.
Terrible.
Even Pabu could have done
a better job.
[Pabu chitters]
But that's in the past.
because when you back
a Fire Ferret in the corner.
well. mister.
he comes out fighting!
[Pabu hisses]
So let's get out there
and bend like there's no tomorrow.
Are you with me?
- [sniffs]
[bell dings]
[all grunt]
[buzzer]
- Ooh. the Fire Ferrets
go down in the water
and right into the record books
for the fastest knockout
in pro-bending history.
- Where's Mako when I need him?
[sirens wail.
motorcycle revs]
[tires squeal]
[sirens wail]
[motorcycle revs]
[gasps]
[truck honks]
[tires screech]
[explosion]
[tires screeching]
[men groan]
Looks like you had some car trouble.
Good thing the police are here.
- I think these planes
are finally ready to ship.
- I hate to mention
the elephant-rhino in the room.
but since your father
was thrown in prison.
no company will work with us.
We're nearly bankrupt.
- Don't worry.
I'm going to the South Pole
to meet with someone
who can help us
put Future Industries back on top.
[Oogi grumbles]
- Wah!
- [coughs]
The Avatar is the winner!
- No fair.
You can't go into
the Avatar State to win.
- [raspberries]
- You did what?
The Avatar State is not
to be used as a booster rocket.
You are toying
with a dangerous power
that you obviously do not appreciate.
- It's the "Avatar State."
and I'm the Avatar.
Who appreciates it more than me?
- Clearly. you need
more training to grasp
the depths of
your spiritual connections.
not to mention that
you're still a long way
from mastering airbending.
- I have mastered airbending.
Punch.punch.punch!
See? Mastered.
- Looks pretty good to me.
- [sighs]
Is it too late for you to un-retire
from the United Forces?
- The paperwork's gone through.
little brother.
From now on.
it's 24/7 Bumi time!
- You've mastered
Korra-style airbending.
Now you need
to master real airbending.
Hopefully. our visit
to all of the Air Temples
will give you the inspiration you need
to delve more deeply into your studies.
- Can we see where
Grandpa Aang was born?
- How many lemurs can I have?
- I want to get tattoos.
but instead of arrows
I want lightning bolts.
- You can't get lightning bolts.
That doesn't make any sense.
- You don't make any sense!
- Fight. fight. fight!
[both grumbling]
- No one's fighting.
We're going to have
a wonderful time.
[groans]
Now that the President is in office
and I'm not needed on the Council.
I can finally relax with my family
and give Korra
the attention she needs.
- Great.
More attention.
- [laughs]
Relax?
I'd pay money to see that.
Maybe I'll tag along
just to see "Vacation Tenzin."
- You're not invited.
- Before we go on
your dad's study trip.
we're going to have
some real fun in my hometown
at the Glacier Spirits Festival.
They've got rides. games.
and all kinds
of fried food on sticks.
All: Yay!
[excitedly chattering]
- Yep. there's Vacation Tenzin.
And you can't stop me
from going to the festival.
Mom already invited me.
[horn blares]
- [chuckles]
So I walk up and say.
"Looks like you had some car trouble.
Good thing the police are here."
- [laughs]
Did you write that beforehand?
- Yeah. I had a few others.
Let's see. uh...
"Looks like you guys should
put more 'try' in triad." huh?
Or. "When you get to jail.
tell 'em Mako sent ya."
- Ooh. I like that one.
- Okay. I'll use that next time.
Beifong says if I keep it up.
I could make detective soon.
- Oh. that sounds so fun.
All I do is train all day.
It's like Tenzin's totally
forgotten how I beat Amon.
- Tenzin's just trying
to help you become
the best Avatar you can be.
- Of course
you'd take his side.
- I'm not taking his side.
I'm just--
- I'm gonna take a walk.
- Why is it so much easier
to bust triads
than it is to get through
one conversation
with my girlfriend?
- Kids: Gran-Gran!
- Oh. you've all gotten so big.
- We missed you. Aunt Kya.
- Oh. I missed you too.
Your father doesn't bring you
to visit nearly enough.
He's probably scared
I'll beat him up
like when we were kids.
- I'm not scared of you...
anymore.
You remember Mako
- Sir.
- I hope you're
not getting my daughter
into any more trouble
up in the city.
- Uh. no.
I. uh--no.
- Knock it off. Dad.
- [chuckles]
- Wow. look at all these people
that came out to greet us.
- Uh. no.
They came to greet them.
[cheers and applause]
- The great chief
of the Northern Water Tribe
comes to grace us with his presence.
[mockingly]
Hooray.
- Just relax. Tonraq.
He'll be gone soon enough.
- [grumbles]
[bird squawks]
- Whoa. who are the lovely ladies?
- That's Eska and Desna.
the chief's children.
Desna is a guy.
- [laughs] Oh. no. sure.
I knew that.
And which one is Desna?
- Good to see you again.
Avatar Korra.
- Good to see you too.
- Tonraq.
- Brother.
- It's a shame the Southerners
have abandoned
all connections to the spirits.
even during
the most hallowed times.
- I've always loved
the Glacier Spirits Festival.
It's fun.
- This festival
used to be a solemn time
of fasting and meditation.
Now it's just a chance
to watch some rube
try to stick an entire
arctic hen in his mouth.
- [muffled]
Wha--what? It's so good.
- Traditions change.
It's not the end of the world.
- Tell that to the sailors
who are being attacked
by angry spirits in southern waters.
Some traditions have purpose.
- Wait. spirits are attacking ships?
- I'm surprised the Avatar
doesn't know about that.
Apparently you haven't been given
all the information you need.
It would be my honor to instruct you
in the spiritual ways
of the Water Tribe.
- I wouldn't mind learning
about fighting spirits.
Airbending is getting pretty boring.
- Tenzin is Korra's instructor.
He can give her
all the training she needs.
- So you've said.
- I'm glad you came with me
to this meeting.
Varrick is one of
the richest men in the world.
and he controls the entire
global shipping business.
So you're my assistant.
Just stand there
and don't say anything.
[Pabu chitters]
- No problem.
Pabu and I are natural assistants.
Man. this is nice.
I gotta get into
this whole "business" thing.
- Did you see that?
Levitation!
[laughs]
I was a foot off the ground.
Is that incredible or what?
- How does he do that?
- That's unbelievable.
- What?
It looked like you
were just sitting on a pillow.
[Gasps]
[all gasp]
- Are you saying I wasn't levitating?
- [gulps]
Uh.no?
- Well. why didn't anyone tell me?
Now I look like an idiot!
Swami. you're fired!
- Aah!
- I like you. kid.
You're a real straight shooter.
just like me.
Ms. Sato? He's with you?
- Mm-hmm.
- Brought your tiger-shark
with you to do business. huh?
Now that's moxie.
[laughs]
Get over here and pop a squat.
Zhu Li. get some tea for my guests.
- Thank you for meeting with me.
As you know. Future Industries
is looking for a partner
to handle our shipping--
- Sure.
But first. you gotta check out
my new venture:
moving pictures.
Zhu Li. do the thing.
You're gonna love this.
Mind-blowing. right?
- Yeah.
- Now. forget that!
That's the past!
Shut it off. Zhu Li!
Imagine watching this.
Ginger. come over here
and do your poses.
- [gasps]
[Sultry music]
- Spectacular.
And we tell a story.
There's romance. action.
some funny animal stuff
for the kids.
You know. whatever.
Thanks. Ginger.
Go rest your gams.
How about that. tiger-shark?
We're gonna do big business
with these "movers."
as I call 'em.
- Okay.
But I'm just concentrating
on getting Future Industries
back on track.
If we could hammer out a deal--
. StOP-
Look me in the eye.
We got a deal!
[all cheering]
We'll hammer out the details
at the royal feast tonight.
Now who wants
a rocket-boat ride?
[all cheering]
- Is that how business
usually goes?
- You are a natural assistant.
- This is a wonderful feast
in your honor. Uncle.
- This is nothing.
When this festival was founded.
the tribal elders would commune
with the spirits.
People would watch
the brilliant displays of light
as spirits danced in the sky.
- Wow.
I've never seen that.
- And that is a shame.
since the Avatar is the bridge
between the material world
and the spirits.
That is why I want so badly
to teach you.
to help you fulfill your destiny.
- I thought I had made it clear
that Tenzin is teaching her.
- Every Avatar before you
traveled the world to learn.
It was Tenzin and your father
who kept you secluded
at the South Pole.
- I thought Aang
ordered the White Lotus
to keep me down here?
- We all did what
we thought was best for you.
- Who I train with
should be my decision. Dad.
not yours or Tenzin's.
- Looks like someone's
trying to take your place
as the Avatar's
stick-in-the-mud mentor.
- Bumi. don't pick on Tenzin.
You know he's always been sensitive.
- I'm not sensitive!
[both laughing]
- As your chief.
it is my honor to speak
at this festival.
which was founded
to bring our tribes together
and restore the ancient balance
between our world
and that of the spirits.
But I am saddened to see
what it has become--
a cheap carnival that celebrates
greedy and trivial humans.
- [teeth squeaking]
- I fear the time is fast approaching
when the North can no longer
stand idly by
while our Southern brothers
slip into total spiritual decay.
Angry spirits are already
attacking ships
in your waters.
I only hope we are not too late
to change course.
[all murmuring]
- Chief Unalaq. everybody.
Always great to have him in town.
Now let's have some fun
with Wacky Wushu's
dancin' otter-penguins.
[energetic music]
[carnival music]
- [Giggles]
- Mm-mm.
- [clears throat]
Wish me luck.
I'm making my move.
Whee!
- Good luck.
- Those two
have always creeped me out.
They smell like a grandma's attic.
- Hey. I'm Bolin.
I'm a friend of Korra's.
You're Eska. right?
Wow. I'm just--
I'm loving these robes.
- [hisses]
- [clears throat]
So you are from the North.
right? Cool.
That's like-- you know. that's. like.
my favorite direction.
- I think he is trying to establish
some kind of bond with you
based on your geographic
point of origin.
- Perhaps it would be interesting
to spend time with a person
whose ways are so rough
and uncultured.
You amuse me.
I will make you mine.
- You mean like a boyfriend
or--or like a slave?
- Yes.
Win me prizes.
- [laughs nervously]
[bell dings]
- Unalaq offered to train me.
He says he can teach me
about the spirits
and my connection to them.
- Sounds good.
What does Tenzin think?
- Tenzin thinks I'm his prisoner
or one of his kids.
I'll never finish training
with him in charge.
[bell dings]
- We have a winner.
- I mean. you heard what Unalaq said.
The South is spiritually unbalanced.
and it's the Avatar's job to fix it.
But my dad won't even let me
think about Unalaq teaching me.
Well?
- Well. what?
- What do you think I should do?
- I guess you should do
what you think is right.
I support whatever decision you make.
- Oh. thanks.
That's a big help.
- I thought you wanted me
to be supportive.
Now you want me
to tell you what I think?
Make up your mind.
Qof!
- Just forget it.
[bells chiming]
Ugh.
Naga. what are you doing?
[Naga howling]
Naga.hush.
[howling continues]
Quiet. Naga.
You'll wake everyone up.
[Naga howling]
- [yawns]
What's going on?
- What is that?
Ugh!
[groans]
[spirit growls]
- Got it!
Don't got it!
[both groaning]
- Korra!
Aah!
[screams]
[groans]
- Aah!
- Spirit. why are you angry with us?
What have we done to offend you?
[groans]
-[Grunts]
- Go in peace.
- Korra. are you all right?
- How were you able
to control that spirit
when no one else could?
- As your father could tell you.
I have spent my life
studying the spirits
and learning their ways.
All of this knowledge
is lost in the South.
but I could teach you
everything I know.
- Chief Unalaq. clearly.
you are very knowledgeable.
but Korra still has much
to learn about airbending.
and I hope that going
to the Air Temples
will help her connect
with the past Avatars.
- Ugh!
- The Air Temples
will teach her nothing.
Only I can give her
the training she needs
to be a complete Avatar.
- I've told you that will not happen.
- Hey. I'm right here!
Anyone want to ask me what I think?
- Korra. please. listen.
- I'm tired of listening
to you-- both of you.
You keep me locked up.
telling me you know what's best.
but both of you were powerless
against the spirit attack.
I think it's time I had a new teacher.
- Now. Korra--
- Unalaq has proven he's the only one
who knows what I need to learn.
I have to go with him.
- Please. I know you're angry.
but we've come so far together.
- I'm sorry. Tenzin.
This is as far as we go.
- It has been a pleasure serving you.
Avatar Korra.
- I think you forgot a couple of things.
- Mother. I think I need some time alone
with my family right now.
- This is your family. Tenzin.
When you get to be my age.
you'll be thankful for the time you had
with your siblings.
Besides. I think it's important
that you all visit
your father's home together.
- Come on. it'll be fun.
- I'm dying to see that
laid-back "Vacation Tenzin"
I've heard so much about.
- All right.
Hop on.
I love you. Mom.
We'll see you soon.
- [grunts]
Oh!
- Do you think I did the right thing?
- [sighs]
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
but I'm not very good
at this Avatar counseling thing.
But I know your heart
is in the right place.
You'll just have to trust it.
- I know this was
a hard decision. Korra.
But it was the right one.
Now it is time to put it behind you
and begin your new training.
I have great plans for you.
[gentle instrumental music]
- You're early.
- What can I say?
I'm pumped up to learn
that Unalaq spirit fighting.
- I'm not here to teach you
to fight spirits.
I'm here to help you
begin your spiritual training.
We're going to one of the most
remote places in the world--
the long-neglected
spiritual center of your tribe:
the South Pole.
- You're gonna train me
at the South Pole?
- We will do more than just train.
By neglecting the spirits.
the people of the South
have brought darkness
upon themselves.
and now it threatens
to destroy our tribe.
We must set things right.
The Southern Water Tribe
depends on you.
- A dangerous trip to the South Pole?
Count me in.
- There it is.
the Southern Air Temple.
Isn't it magnificent?
- Master Tenzin. welcome.
- Good to see you again.
Abbot Shung.
- Is there anything you need?
Water?
Dandelion greens?
Ah. perhaps you'd like
to re-center yourself
by meditating in the gardens.
- No. thank you.
I'm fine.
- And you must
be the honorable Pema.
Please. accept these gifts.
This is an ancient
Airbender head shaver
we've refurbished just for you.
- Oh...okay.
- And Pema. these flowers
once filled the mountainside.
Now they can brighten up your room.
- That's...sweet?
You didn't have to.
- Nonsense.
Whatever you need is yours.
Anything for the mother
of the next generation of Airbenders.
- No! That gift is mine.
- You don't even like to read.
- Naah.
- Yep. those are the world's
next generation of Airbenders.
- Mommy. Daddy. look.
I finally got a lemur.
I'm gonna name him Poki.
Poki. come back!
- Ugh.
Phew.
Excuse me. a little help here.
- Sorry. I thought
you were the servants.
- We're Tenzin's brother and sister.
- Avatar Aang had other children?
The world is filled
with more Airbenders?
- We're not Airbenders.
- Oh.
I'm so sorry.
- I thought you said Bolin was coming.
- He said he'd be here.
but I can't worry about it.
I have to make sure
you have everything you need
for a safe trip.
- Thanks. Captain Expedition.
but I'll be fine.
[engine hums]
- Tonraq. what do you want?
- I heard you're taking
Korra to the South Pole.
I'm coming.
- Absolutely not.
You're a distraction to Korra
and a hindrance
to what needs to be done.
- My daughter is not going without me.
She needs someone
to watch after her.
- Dad. why do you always think
you know what's best for me?
- Because he's misguided.
The sad truth is
it's men like your father
who have put the spirit world
out of balance.
He's ignored my warnings in the past
and hasn't learned since.
- What happened in the past?
- It doesn't matter.
What matters is the Everstorm.
- The Everstorm?
- It's a massive blizzard
that's battered
the South Pole for decades.
I'm coming.
unless you think you can stop me.
- Guys!
Hey. wait for me!
Check it out.
I'm traveling in style.
[engine revs]
Whoa!
Okay. I'm sorry.
Still getting used to that throttle.
- Uh. where'd you get the ride?
- Varrick.
He's awesome.
He also gave me
this fancy snowsuit.
It's inflatable
with an internal heater.
emergency beacon.
and food ration pouch.
I mean. if I get lost.
I can survive in this thing
for. like. like. a month.
Who wants some freeze-dried
cucumber-quats?
Nobody?
Did I interrupt a conversation?
[Pabu squeaks]
- No. the conversation is over.
Dad. come if you want.
Just don't interfere with my training.
- Does this sidecar have
the capacity for two passengers?
- Sure does.
But. uh. who's gonna drive?
[engine humming]
- Well. what do you know?
Looks like--
- Go away. Mako.
- So once we get to the South Pole.
then what happens?
- You will open
an ancient spirit portal.
- I'm sorry.
What now?
- At the South Pole.
there is a portal
that connects our world
to the spirit world.
But it has long been closed.
- And that's why
the evil spirits are attacking?
- There are no evil spirits.
[lightning cracks]
There is light and dark in them all.
But when they're unbalanced.
the darkness takes over.
If you can open the portal in time.
balance will be restored.
- What do you mean "in time"?
- There's a reason
the Glacier Spirits Festival
ends on the winter solstice.
That's when the spirit world
and the physical world
are close together.
Only then can the Avatar
open the portal.
- The winter solstice is tomorrow.
- Exactly.
And we can't afford
to wait another year.
[spirit hisses]
[growls]
- Easy. Naga.
[continues growling]
- What are those?
- Dark spirits.
- Let's keep moving.
We have to find
a safe place to set up camp.
- Uncle. why do you think
the dark spirits
are following us?
- Can we not talk
about dark spirits. please?
- My brother doesn't like ghost stories.
- Don't worry.
I will protect you.
my feeble turtle-duck.
- Thank you.
- Sadly. this isn't a ghost story.
This is real.
- [gasps]
- The spirits are angry
because he's here.
Haven't you ever wondered
how your father
ended up in the South Pole?
Why he's never taken you
to visit his homeland in the north?
- Unalaq. this is not the time.
- You're right.
You should have told her
a long time ago.
- Told me what?
- I left the North Pole because...
I was banished.
- You were banished from the North? Why?
- Because I almost destroyed
the entire tribe.
20 years ago. I was a general
in the Northern Water Tribe.
sworn to protect my people.
- Brother. we're being attacked.
[pained grunts]
[scattered screaming]
[water rushing]
Tonraq: I drove them out of the city
and deep into the frozen tundra.
[battle cries]
We tracked them deep
into an ancient forest.
Many believed this forest
was the home to spirits.
and the barbarians retreated there
because they thought we wouldn't attack
on such hallowed grounds.
They thought wrong.
[all scream]
- [grunts]
- We captured the barbarians.
but in the process.
we destroyed the forest.
I didn't realize the consequences
of what I had done.
[monstrous hissing]
By destroying the forest.
I unknowingly let loose angry spirits.
[both scream]
They threatened to destroy everything.
The entire city.
Unalaq was able to guide
the spirits back to the forest.
but by then.
the damage had been done.
For being the cause
of so much devastation.
my father banished me
from the Northern Water Tribe
in shame.
That's when I came to the South
and started a new life.
- Whoa.
So you were supposed to be chief.
then he became chief.
No wonder you guys
don't like each other.
Ow! What?
Isn't that what happened?
- I can't believe
you kept this from me.
- I was protecting you from the shame
I brought on the family.
- Why do you keep hiding things from me
and then telling me
it's for my own protection?
I'm tired of you protecting me.
- Korra.
Jinora: Wow.
The statue room.
- That's right. Jinora.
The most sacred place in
the entire Southern Air Temple.
Here you will find statues
of every Avatar who ever lived.
Where are your brother and sister?
[excited shouts]
- You can't catch me.
I'm the greatest air skater of all time.
Qof!
[rock crumbles]
- Meelo!
- Korra. you have every right
to be mad at me.
but I don't want you to make
the same mistake I made.
I should have never
gone into that forest.
and we shouldn't be going
to the South Pole now.
Spirits and the physical world
should remain separate.
- Dad. it's my job to be the bridge
between the spirits
and the physical world.
and I finally have a chance
to live up to my potential.
- You don't even know
if what Unalaq says is true.
- You want proof?
Look to the sky.
Where I'm from.
the spirits are at peace
and they light up the dark.
- The Northern lights.
- Yes.
There used to be lights
in the South as well.
But during the 100 Year War.
the South was thrown out of balance
and the lights disappeared.
When the war ended.
the North helped
to rebuild you physically as a nation.
But we have not rebuilt you spiritually.
Now the spirits
no longer dance in your skies.
Instead.
they rampage in the Everstorm.
- I think we're here.
[thunder rumbles]
[spirit hisses]
- Is that what I think it is?
- We must keep moving.
[spirits roar]
- Oh. man.
I really don't like this.
- Bolin. just stay calm.
There's no reason to--
Panic!
- [veins]
- [grunts]
- Aah!
- Korra. look out!
[grunts]
- Oh. it's in the engine!
[screams]
[mystical music]
[spirit roars]
- [grunts]
- Is everyone okay?
- [screams]
I can't stop it.
- I'll save you.
- [screams]
[explosion]
[grunts]
I'm a raft!
Uh. can someone please deflate me?
[air hisses.
Pabu squeaks]
Thank you.
- Oh. great.
There goes our equipment.
Now what are we supposed to do?
- There's only one thing to do.
We have to turn back.
- No.
The solstice is tonight.
We're so close.
- This mission is too dangerous.
We're leaving.
- No. Dad.
You're leaving.
- Don't worry. sir.
I'll keep an eye on Korra for you.
- Thank you. Mako.
[engine revs]
- Let's open this portal
and lead your father
and the entire Southern Water Tribe
in the right direction.
We don't have much time.
- Then what are we waiting for?
So. what exactly were
you and my dad talking about?
- Nothing.
He was just worried
about you. that's all.
- You know. sometimes
I wonder whose side you're on.
- There aren't any sides.
We all just want
to help however we can.
You have to trust
that we're here for you.
- We've arrived.
- Trees frozen in ice.
- It's just like the sacred forest
Tonraq destroyed in the north.
- So what do I do?
- You must find your way
to the heart of the forest
where the dormant spirit portal lies.
From here.
you're on your own.
- Wait a second.
There's no way she's going alone.
- Yeah. if she goes. we go too.
- The Avatar must go alone.
- But I don't have any
connection with the spirits.
In fact.
it seems like they hate me.
- You have to believe in yourself
like I believe in you.
What is it?
- I guess I'm just so used to people
telling me how to do things
that I forgot what it was like
to have someone trust in me.
- Korra. all the past Avatars
live on inside of you.
Let them guide you.
Let them help you
find the light in the dark.
- Wait here.
I'll be okay.
- Good luck.
[Pabu squeaks]
[wind howling]
[ghostly hissing]
- [gasps]
[panting]
[grunts]
The spirit portal.
Amazing.
- [gasps]
[mystical music]
[gasps]
What Avatar is this?
- The light in the dark.
[grunts]
Why isn't it opening?
[gasps]
Come on. portal.
Open!
[spirit hisses]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[warbling chime. rumbling]
Qof!
The spirits dancing in the sky.
- [gasps]
- I can't believe it.
- It's beautiful.
- She did it.
- Hey. Korra. you're back!
Hey. Korra's back.
Wha--huh?
- Why are you initiating
physical contact
with another woman?
- [gulps and laughs nervously]
- Everything you said was true.
- Avatar Korra.
you have taken the first step
in bringing balance back to the South.
and soon. the whole world.
- You never cease to amaze me.
- Thanks.
By the way. I'm really sorry
for being a total pain.
Things were really stressful
and confusing.
It's hard being the Avatar.
- It's harder
being the Avatar's boyfriend.
- [laughs]
What are all your
Northern troops doing here?
- Opening the spirit portal
was only the first step
in getting the Southern Water Tribe
back on its righteous path.
There's more difficult work to be done
before our two tribes are truly united.